Browser extension update docs (#201)
metalbear-co/metalbear.co: mirrord.dev/content/docs/using-mirrord/browser-extension/index.md

---
title: "Browser Extension"
description: "How to use Browser extenstion for automatic header injection"
date: 2024-07-07T09:39:44+01:00
lastmod: 2024-07-07T09:39:44+01:00
draft: false
menu:
  docs:
    parent: "using-mirrord"
weight: 168
toc: true
tags: ["team", "enterprise"]
---

The mirrord Browser Extension automatically injects an HTTP header into all your browser requests while a mirrord session is running. This solves the hassle of manually adding headers when debugging local services that rely on header-based routing, making it easier to test production-like flows in your browser with zero manual setup.

## Prerequisites

Before you start, make sure you have:
1. Header propagation set up in your app.
2. Google Chrome is installed.
3. [mirrord Browser Extension for Chrome](https://chromewebstore.google.com/detail/mirrord/bijejadnnfgjkfdocgocklekjhnhkhkf) installed.

> 4. A valid HTTP header filter defined in your `mirrord.json` under `feature.network.incoming.http_filter.header_filter` with `mode` set to `steal`.

Author: feature is dependent on header filter, header filters are not supported on mirror mode

5. Browser extension config enabled in your `mirrord.json`.  
   **Note:** This feature is experimental.

> ```json
> {
>   "feature": {
>     "network": {
>       "incoming": {
>         "mode": "steal",  
>         "http_filter": {
>           "header_filter": "X-My-Header: my-header-value",
>         },
>       }
>     }
>     { 
>         "experimental": { 
>         "browser_extension_config": true
>         } 
>     }
>   }
> }
> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```json
{
  "feature": {
    "network": {
      "incoming": {
        "mode": "steal",
        "http_filter": {
          "header_filter": "X-My-Header: my-header-value"
        }
      }
    }
  },
  "experimental": {
    "browser_extension_config": true
  }
}
```
```

## Using mirrord Browser Extension

1. Run `mirrord exec` with the configured `mirrord.json`, mirrord will then:

>    - Prints the localhost URL to the screen.
>    - Launch the extension.
>    - Opens the link automatically in a Chrome tab.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - Prints the configuration URL to the screen.
   - Opens the URL automatically in a Chrome tab.
```
* It is not a localhost URL but chrome extension URL
* It doesn't launch the extension, but visits a page that's served by the extension. The extension then takes the configuration data from the URL (from the query string)
